You know what I mean? It's coach Eddie over here. Yeah. It's like, relax.
Everyone's everybody's blow up sponsorship, logos all over.
I have no sponsor puts on a Reebok hat. The,
I have no personal sponsors. Hey.
Are you working with Tony? Absolutely. What you been doing with.
Him? Same. We've been preparing for KIB for a long time. for the, uh,
da on your fight. We were preparing for him, but we were also preparing for,
we're always preparing for the worst case scenario and KIB is the worst case
scenario. He's probably the best ground and pounder wrestler ever.
Right? This is the tough, the toughest challenge ever for,
um, in MMA or 10th planet. That's for sure. This is the, I mean, this is it.
This is, this is the worst case scenario that I've been talking about.
This is what I prepare for every me personally, my,
my Abu Dhabi is at,
at the gym when we have drop-ins and since 2003, every who,
who knows who's gonna drop in that night and challenge me.
So I always prepared for the worst case scenario, some drop in who's one 90,
who wrestled his whole life really in jujitsu. And what am I gonna do with him?
That first round? The, the only round we go with probably one round, maybe two.
I'm just, I'm just focusing on stuff that he's never seen.
Cuz if I come at him with stuff he's seen, then, uh, that's not a good,
that's not a good strategy. I'm gonna, I'm gonna pull him into some,
some uncharted territory. And that's what we're doing.
That's what I've been doing with Tony is prepared. Just uncharted territory.
We're gonna, you know, we, the thing with Kabe KIB is, um,
I mean he's undefeated, no doubt.
One of the best fighters probably of all time. You never lost around. Yeah.
Yeah. One like, you know, Connor round three, but you gotta remember this too.
I Quinta maybe there, there are some, there are a couple KIB fights.
We watch all the KIB fights where you do see where he,
you don't see the classic KIB like with Gleason Toba that didn't go down like,
like, um.
Aw. Thick kid. Crazy heavy way. FIY got knocked out.
Think boy nation got knocked out. Jamie's over here. Sorry. Watching the fight.
Millennials mullet.
Like Theo. what? I was so many reasons. Watch that.
What I was saying was there are some fights where it could be wasn't human
looks, human. There are a couple there's you also look at the, the San's fight.
He clearly won that,
but there was things that he couldn't do that he could do with other people
still San Joseph's. He couldn't get past E's guard.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it wasn't that easy to take down. Mm-hmm <affirmative> um,
you know, and Tony, you know, his, when you compare like, you know,
the Conner fight with KIB, you know, um, Tony wrestled this whole life.
Well Tony's phenomen wrestling. There's a, there's uh,
a light year difference between, uh, Connor's wrestling and Tony's wrestling.
Right? So you got that. Um,
Tony will throw DARS standing and from all different angles and,
and while you're trying to take him down, so Cobb's gotta worry about that.
There's gonna be Darius coming on the feed don't hatch.
Everybody knows that you can watch that.
Everybody knows that I'm only giving away stuff that you could watch on. Yeah.
You know what I mean? I'm I'm yeah. Are you gonna be in Brooklyn?
What was that? You gonna be in.
Brooklyn for that? Yeah. Yeah. And, um, so we're, we're focusing on the stuff,
you know, when, when KIB has his way, when he,
when he's in a fight where everything's going, his way, you, he, you know,
it's against the fence, it's a title there there's,
there's a look against the fence that he always has. It's that same look.
And then when he drags the guy down, it's that same look.
And when they are halfway back up, there's that look,
and then they're back on the fence. There's that position? That look boom.
So when it comes to KIB, I'm, it's, it's gonna be the hardest challenge ever,
right. For both guys though. Yeah, for sure. For sure.
But the advantage that we have is we know exactly where the fight is gonna be.
If KIB gets like, you know, is successful, if he's successful and, and there's,
there's different phases. There's the standup phase. Mm-hmm, <affirmative>,
there's the clin, there's the, um, the fighting against the fence.
There's the dragging. And then there's like in between the fence and dragon,
we know where the fight can be. Um, you know, um,
the one thing we don't know is how is it gonna look? Is it gonna look like, um,
you know,
Kabe has his way and passes Tony's guard like he has against other opponents?
Or is it gonna be like Gleason to bow or he is having a hard time taking him
down and he's having, he's never getting side control,
never passing the guard against, uh, Gleason. Yeah. Is it gonna look like that?
How is it gonna look? They could look so many different ways.
We'll never really know until they match up. You just don't really know.
I can't wait, but I will. I will promise you this.
As we got all sorts of landmines waiting for is we know where the
fight, where he wants to take the fight and there's gonna be some traps there,
all sorts of them. And no one knows about him. We're not talking about him,
but we've been working on this for, for a while. Jesus,
who knows what's gonna happen. Kabe has all, you know,
has my respect a million percent, that guy, that guy's insane. Tony, Tony,
Tony, to be crazy. Oh yeah. Tony, can't be my friend. Tony,
Tony has so many weapons.
So many. He might have more weapons.
He might have more weapons than anybody in the history of the UFC. That's fair.
He might have weapons. It's hard are that's about.
Great scrambler too. Think about so many different areas. Get everything.
Think about this in the history of MMA who is known more for
daring than him. No one, nobody even close. No, one's.
And.
He catches him late in the fight when everyone's covering sweat and blood.
Like Barboza. Yeah. Yeah.
And, and he, the Dar the Dar is one of those techniques.
It is, you could learn really. The learning part is the easiest part.
Like learning how to do a Darce can, you could be like two minutes,
like two minutes,
but mastering it and mastering it enough to be known for it and getting grown
men who are experts at, at, at ground fighting on it.
That's a whole that very few people, uh,
reach that status again. They were DARS. Everybody knows the Darris,
every grappler in Abu Dhabi, like the last Abu Dhabi, 2019,
every grappler on the card knows how to do a Darris. They know how to teach it.
They could do a seminar, but no one did it. Only one guy. Uh,
the Rutolo one of the Rito twins.
He's from OTOs that guy like he was Daron. He was,
there were Daron all over the place. Why everybody knows how to do him,
how come he was only able to do him because he's strategizing for it.
He's looking for it. And, and,
and the strategy is not like a thing that he's thinking about consciously it's
in his DNA. Yeah. That's the difference he does because he's always,
he's looking for it. Subconsciously it's in his strategy. It's in his DNA.
That's how, that's how Tony is Tony man. And now we're not,
I'm not satisfied with him just knowing it. Dude, we work on,
he already has a mastered,
but we're working on it even more and making sure that if Kabe is caught,
one of those things, we're makings,
we're making sure that that thing is full and strong.
You imagine must have so excited when Poer caught him in that guillo team.
Cause Poer had him in a guillo team. PO's a black belt too. Yeah.
He had him in the gua team. Yeah. Who's a good.
One too. You know what tight anybody can lose. You know what I mean?
Cab's not invincible. There's some fights where he'd look like you said human.
Yeah. You know, and we watch those fights and we, we see, we see where, um,
you know, uh, he has, um, you know, uh,
not quite an yeah. They're exactly.
The big thing too is Tony's cardio is just ridiculous. Yeah. Second, none.
Second to none cardio. It's so good. Literally ridiculous. Yeah.
Cause he'll have a crazy, super high, fast pace fight. And then you look at him,
he's not even breathing heavy. His stomach's not even moving. He loves it.
And, and he, he throws elbows more than your average UFC fighter. Oh yeah.
He like elbows are like, I think, I.
Think depend what KIB wants to do. Um, no matter what happens in this fight, I,
I, I see KIB and Tony fighting a few times.
I think it's one of those classic kind of, Hey, who knows? Trilogy ones, man,
who knows? They match up so well together. Just please gods of war.
Get them together in April. Well, I saw Tony jump over tires. It's old. It's oh,
is that old? Oh, thank God. Yeah.
Man. There's this is awesome. Tony meme where it says where they,
they show this guy from like,
it's like in the middle of a canyon in some like forest and there there's
like a tight he's like walking a tight rope.
It's like some dude is walking a tight rope with like a balancing pole.
You know what I mean? It's something like Tony when Tony trains or something.
It's <laugh> cause he, he he's he's extreme. And um, that's what makes.
Him who he is. Yeah. What kind of wacky is he doing when you're training with.
Him? Dude, he's got, you know, he's man, he's got this.
I don't even know how to explain it. I don't even wanna talk about him.
Can't really can't either.
Can he give up secrets? He's.
Just on top of like the latest.
The latest, you know, just the latest, uh, training, instincts,
training reaction. He's super into like, like. The NBA would, uh,
be doing like what? Um, uh, I can't even explain it.
You're not trying to get away. Are you not supposed to talk about it?
I don't wanna talk about it. Okay. I don't. I get it. Yeah. After the fight.
Yeah.
Please tell. All you need to know is Dar elbows.
Poster. Dar elbows is great. That poster's amazing.
Although Tony is taller. It's weird. They have it like that.
Tony's actually way taller. It's quite a bit taller. Yeah. It's weird.
They have mine. He's got super long.
Arms too. That's why it's a Dar those arms dude.
Those aren't those Dar is coming from everywhere.
That poster's amazing. Put that poster up again. That poster's dope.
That poster gives you a hard on that's all you need. Oh dude, look at that.
That's the best fight in the UFC. Go make it. So it's a normal size.
Yeah. Look at that. They got that one. Right? They got that one. Perfect.
That to me is the greatest fight ever in the light, the lightweight division.
A hundred percent. The greatest fight ever.
Arguably arguably greatest fight ever. Yes. Yes. Come on. Yes.
That's the greatest ground in pounder, right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> took out Connor choked his out, everybody up.
And then here comes Tony,
the wild enigma coming at you from a thousand
different angles. That.
Fight gives me chills, man.
Just stop and think about what Tony's been able to do to people too. Like,
think about what he did to cowboy. He just,
he just takes guys that look like world class fighters and he makes em look like
they have no business being in there with em, thinking about pets. Yeah. Josh.
Josh Thompson. You know what I mean? That was a great fight too. Kevin Leeman.
DEOs do you remember when he threw that spinning elbow and then he threw another
one right after nuts. He's so creative. Yeah. That's his, that's one of his, uh,
that's one of his most powerful weapons is that he does,
he does not hesitate to pull the trigger. He's never cautious. You know,
a lot of guys, you know, you hear about these guys,
like the goal is to take what he does in the gym, out to the room.
That's the goal. If we could do that, he's gonna be unstoppable. Tony,
that from day one,
he was he'll anything he does in the gym he's gonna do in the ring.
No hesitation. You know what I mean?
There's he doesn't ever hold back on pulling the trigger.
It's a very exciting fight. It's the.
Best fight. You spinning elbows in a row. It's nuts.
Has anybody ever done that nuts?
I mean, probably you, but no one at a level that Tony's fighting at. Yeah.
I don't think in the UFC anybody's throwing two,
I can't think of elbows man in a row. He don't give a, dude. He.